README.md, before:

# AZ-303 AZ-304 Fast Track

[AZ-303 GitHub Repo](https://github.com/MicrosoftLearning/AZ-303-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Technologies)

[AZ-304 GitHub Repo](https://github.com/MicrosoftLearning/AZ-304-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Design)

[AZ-303 Labs](https://microsoftlearning.github.io/AZ-303-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Technologies/)

[AZ-304 Labs](https://microsoftlearning.github.io/AZ-304-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Design/)


### Day 1 - Identity, Gouvernance
|                 |             |
| --------------- | ----------- |
|AZ-303 Module 1  | Implement Azure Active Directory |
|AZ-303 Module 2  | Implement and Manage Hybrid Identities |
|AZ-303 Module 10 | Implement and Manage Azure Governance |
|AZ-304 Module 4  | Design Authentication and Authorization |
|AZ-304 Module 5  | Design Governance |

Lab: [Create a new Tenant in Azure AD](https://www.az.training/createNewTenant.html)and [Redeem your Azure Pass code](https://www.az.training/redeemAzurePass.html)

### Day 2 - Automation, Compute, Network

|                 |             |
| --------------- | ----------- |
|AZ-303 Module 9  | Automate Deployment and Configuration of Resources |
|AZ-303 Module 4  | Implement VMs for Windows and Linux |
|AZ-304 Module 1  | Design a Compute Solution |
|AZ-303 Module 3  | Implement Virtual Networking |
|AZ-303 Module 5  | Implement Load Balancing and Network Security |
|AZ-304 Module 2  | Design a Network Solution |

Lab: [Implementing Highly Available Azure IaaS Compute Architecture](https://microsoftlearning.github.io/AZ-303-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Technologies/Instructions/Labs/Module_05_Lab.html)

### Day 3 - Storage, Databases, Costs

|                 |             |
| --------------- | ----------- |
|AZ-303 Module 6  | Implement Storage Accounts |
|AZ-303 Module 7  | Implement NoSQL Databases |
|AZ-303 Module 8  | Implement Azure SQL Databases |
|AZ-304 Module 7  | Select an Appropriate Storage Account |
|AZ-304 Module 6  | Design a Solution for Databases |
|AZ-304 Module 8  | Design Data Integration |
|AZ-304 Module 12 | Design for Cost Optimization |

Lab: [Implementing and Configuring Azure Storage File and Blob Services](https://microsoftlearning.github.io/AZ-303-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Technologies/Instructions/Labs/Module_06_Lab.html)

### Day 4 - Monitoring, Workloads, HA

|                 |             |
| --------------- | ----------- |
|AZ-303 Module 15 | Implement Cloud Infrastructure Monitoring |
|AZ-304 Module 9  | Design a Solution for Logging and Monitoring |
|AZ-303 Module 12 | Manage Workloads in Azure |
|AZ-304 Module 3  | Design for Migration |
|AZ-304 Module 10 | Design a Solution for Backup and Recovery |
|AZ-304 Module 11 | Design for High Availability |

Lab: [Protecting Hyper-V VMs by using Azure Site Recovery](https://microsoftlearning.github.io/AZ-303-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Technologies/Instructions/Labs/Module_12_Lab.html)

### Day 5 - Applications

|                 |             |
| --------------- | ----------- |
|AZ-303 Module 11 | Manage Security for Applications |
|AZ-303 Module 13 | Implement Container-Based Applications |
|AZ-303 Module 14 | Implement an Application Infrastructure |
|AZ-304 Module 13 | Design an Application Architecture |
|AZ-304 Module 14 | Design Security for Applications |

Lab: [Implement Azure Logic Apps integration with Azure Event Grid](https://microsoftlearning.github.io/AZ-304-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Design/Instructions/Labs/Module_13_Lab_a.html)

Commit message:

Test link to new create

README.md, after:

# AZ-303 AZ-304 Fast Track

[AZ-303 GitHub Repo](https://github.com/MicrosoftLearning/AZ-303-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Technologies)

[AZ-304 GitHub Repo](https://github.com/MicrosoftLearning/AZ-304-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Design)

[AZ-303 Labs](https://microsoftlearning.github.io/AZ-303-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Technologies/)

[AZ-304 Labs](https://microsoftlearning.github.io/AZ-304-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Design/)


### Day 1 - Identity, Gouvernance
|                 |             |
| --------------- | ----------- |
|AZ-303 Module 1  | Implement Azure Active Directory |
|AZ-303 Module 2  | Implement and Manage Hybrid Identities |
|AZ-303 Module 10 | Implement and Manage Azure Governance |
|AZ-304 Module 4  | Design Authentication and Authorization |
|AZ-304 Module 5  | Design Governance |

Lab: [Create a new Tenant in Azure AD](https://www.az.training/createNewTenant.html)and [Redeem your Azure Pass code](https://www.az.training/redeemAzurePass.html)

Lab: [Create a new Tenant in Azure AD](https://github.com/www42/aztraining/blob/master/New-Tenant/index.md) and [Redeem your Azure Pass code](https://www.az.training/redeemAzurePass.html)


### Day 2 - Automation, Compute, Network

|                 |             |
| --------------- | ----------- |
|AZ-303 Module 9  | Automate Deployment and Configuration of Resources |
|AZ-303 Module 4  | Implement VMs for Windows and Linux |
|AZ-304 Module 1  | Design a Compute Solution |
|AZ-303 Module 3  | Implement Virtual Networking |
|AZ-303 Module 5  | Implement Load Balancing and Network Security |
|AZ-304 Module 2  | Design a Network Solution |

Lab: [Implementing Highly Available Azure IaaS Compute Architecture](https://microsoftlearning.github.io/AZ-303-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Technologies/Instructions/Labs/Module_05_Lab.html)

### Day 3 - Storage, Databases, Costs

|                 |             |
| --------------- | ----------- |
|AZ-303 Module 6  | Implement Storage Accounts |
|AZ-303 Module 7  | Implement NoSQL Databases |
|AZ-303 Module 8  | Implement Azure SQL Databases |
|AZ-304 Module 7  | Select an Appropriate Storage Account |
|AZ-304 Module 6  | Design a Solution for Databases |
|AZ-304 Module 8  | Design Data Integration |
|AZ-304 Module 12 | Design for Cost Optimization |

Lab: [Implementing and Configuring Azure Storage File and Blob Services](https://microsoftlearning.github.io/AZ-303-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Technologies/Instructions/Labs/Module_06_Lab.html)

### Day 4 - Monitoring, Workloads, HA

|                 |             |
| --------------- | ----------- |
|AZ-303 Module 15 | Implement Cloud Infrastructure Monitoring |
|AZ-304 Module 9  | Design a Solution for Logging and Monitoring |
|AZ-303 Module 12 | Manage Workloads in Azure |
|AZ-304 Module 3  | Design for Migration |
|AZ-304 Module 10 | Design a Solution for Backup and Recovery |
|AZ-304 Module 11 | Design for High Availability |

Lab: [Protecting Hyper-V VMs by using Azure Site Recovery](https://microsoftlearning.github.io/AZ-303-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Technologies/Instructions/Labs/Module_12_Lab.html)

### Day 5 - Applications

|                 |             |
| --------------- | ----------- |
|AZ-303 Module 11 | Manage Security for Applications |
|AZ-303 Module 13 | Implement Container-Based Applications |
|AZ-303 Module 14 | Implement an Application Infrastructure |
|AZ-304 Module 13 | Design an Application Architecture |
|AZ-304 Module 14 | Design Security for Applications |

Lab: [Implement Azure Logic Apps integration with Azure Event Grid](https://microsoftlearning.github.io/AZ-304-Microsoft-Azure-Architect-Design/Instructions/Labs/Module_13_Lab_a.html)
